1.1 another warm-up
Situation: The shirt that I bought has a problem and I would like to return
this.
-->
Hello, this is <?> and I am calling to see if I would like to 
get a refund for the T-shirt that I bought last week in your store.
Because there's no dressing rooms available in your store when I visited
your store, I didn't try to wear the shirt to check the size carefully
and just return to home. But after getting home, I just found that
the T-shirt is very tight and doesn't fit me well. I would like to 
replace the T-shirt with a different shirt.

I have the receipt and didn't wear the shirt after checking the size.
If the replacement is possible, What do I need to bring when visiting 
your store for the replacement ? Do you also need my credit card that
I used when paying for the shirt ?

Please let me know when your store will be open next week. After confirming
my questions, please call me back. You can reach me at six-four-six five
three four 0 one two five.


1. warm-up
Tell me about the time you had a trouble at a bank. What happened and
how did you handle the situation ?
-->
Hmmm.. I've stayed in Ann Arbor, Michigan for my study and the first thing
that I did after arriving at Ann arbor was opening a bank account. But at
that time, I didn't know exactly what kind of documents were needed to
open a bank account. 

So, I just brought my passport with VISA and my I-20 document and visited
a chase bank office near my apartment, but fount out that it was very
difficult for foreigners to open an account at chase and they required
me to bring more documents such as social security number and the utility
bills at my current address during the last three months and everything 
was not ready at that time.

After failing to open an account in chase, I visited at the help center
for foreigners at my university and the guide told me that I could make
a bank account at credit union bank only with VISA and I-20 and I finally
opened a bank account even without social security number two days after
I landed in the united states.

2.
A) fill the question
Q1. I would like to transfer one thousand dollar to this account. How long does it take ?
So I suspect a mechanical defect.
Q2. Hello, I need to make a cashier's check with one thousand dollar for car purchase one hour later. 
Could you check how long does it take ?
A. It will take about 5 to 10 minutes.

B) fill the question
Q. Hello, I heard that there's an event for opening a new account in your bank
branch. Can I also get a gift for opening a new account this week ? May I ask how long the event is held ?
A. Yes. If you visit before next Wednesday, you can get a free gift.

C) fill the answer
Q. We are really sorry, there must have been a mistake. Can you say what would you like? 
A. I said I wanted a cashier's check with fifty thousand, not fifteen thousand
dollars. Or, if you already issued fifteen thousand cashier's check, can you
issue another cashier's check with thirty five thousand dollar ?


3. Opic question
Q11.
I'd like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You need to 
open a new bank account. Call a bank and ask the bank employee three or 
four questions about opening a new account.
-->
Hello, This is <..> . I am just calling to find out if I am able to
open a new checking account online. After installing the bank app, I 
tried to open an account as what guidelines said, but the app keeps 
showing some error messages like scan some documents correctly and upload
them using the app. Can you check what causes such errors ? My online
account ID is <..>.

Can you also check whether it's related the size of scanned image or file
format ? Because the file size of scanned documents are so big, I just
transform the jpeg file format to png file format to meet the file size
constraints, which the guideline mentioned that the scanned file size should
be less than one mega byte.

If everything is done, I also would like to share my checking account with
my wife's account and she already has her online account in your bank.
Is it possible to share my new checking account with my wife ? Can I do
account sharing using your bank app ?

I also have one more question regarding minimum balance at your bank account.
How much should I keep in the bank to avoid the account maintenance fee ? If I 
change my salary bank account to the new checking account in your bank, does
it decrease the minimum balance threshold ? 

After checking all of my questions at your side, please call me back. 
You can reach me at six-four-six five three four 0 one two five.
I hope this is not too much to ask. Thanks a lot, bye.


Q12.
I'm sorry, but there is a problem which I want you to resolve. You just 
got your new credit card but found out that there is something wrong with 
it. Call the bank, explain the situation, and solve the problem. 
-->
Hello, This is <..> calling. Yesterday, my new credit card was delivered 
to my home and I just activated my card using my mobile bank app according to 
the guideline written on the sticker on the backside of the credit card. But 
after two hours later, I tried to use my new credit card for paying bus fare, 
but it didn't work at all. After that, I also tried to use the card again in 
a convenient store, but still the payment was not approved. Can you help
me out to fix this problem ?

First, I would like to confirm if my activation was done correctly. 
When I use the mobile app for activation, I didn't see any error message 
from the app and didn't see any network connection problem in my phone.
Please confirm that your service team did not miss my activation. If the
mobile bank app is problematic, Do I need to do activation again by 
calling the customer service number ?

Also, can you confirm the possibility of defective IC card on my
credit card ?  After failing to use a credit card using an IC card 
directly, I just decided to use it in samsung pay app. So, I registered
the new card number into my samsung pay app and tried to pay using it
in a different store. Then, I saw the payment was approved. So, I
I also suspect some mechanical defects in my credit card a lot.

If this is also confirmed in your side, I would like you to cancel
the activation of my credit card you just sent and ask you to
send another valid credit card again to my address. My home address
is one five three four Pine Valley BLVD Ann Arbor Michigan. 
I hope you check my message soon and please call me back.
You can reach me at six-four-six five three four 0 one two five.
Thanks a lot, bye.

